CrowdStrike Falcon Streaming v2 - bug fixes and improvments (#7552)
demisto/content: Packs/CrowdStrikeFalconStreamingV2/Integrations/CrowdStrikeFalconStreamingV2/README.md

* Detection Name
* Detection Description
* Severity

## Mapping incoming events

> Because of system limitations, you can not fetch sample events in the mapping wizard. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As this is a push based streaming integration, it can not fetch sample events in the mapping wizard. 
```

In order to view sample events, enable events storage by checking the ticking the checkbox of the integration parameter **Store sample events for mapping** and run the `crowdstrike-falcon-streaming-get-sample-events` command.

The last events (20 at max) fetched every 5 minutes, so allow the integration to run for at least 5 minutes before running the command.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you've completed mapping it is recommended to turn off the **Store sample events for mapping** to reduce performance overhead.
```
